{"en":"In this much-travelled world,  there are still thousands of places which are inaccessible to tourists. ^ ","ch":"在这个旅游频繁的世界上， 仍有成千上万个游人足迹未至的地方。  "}
{"en":"We always assume that villagers in remote places are friendly and hospitable. ^ ","ch":"人们总是以为偏僻的地方的村民们热情好客。  "}
{"en":"But people who are cut off not only from foreign tourists,  but even from their own countrymen can be hostile to travellers. ^ ","ch":"但是， 那些不但与外国旅游者隔绝， 而且与本国同胞隔绝的人们有可能对游客抱有敌意。  "}
{"en":"Visits to really remote villages are seldom enjoyable -- as my wife and I discovered during a tour through the Balkans. ^ ","ch":"到真正偏僻的村庄去旅游并不是一件愉快的事情。 我与妻子在一次周游巴尔干半岛时对此深有体会。  "}
{"en":"We had spent several days in a small town and visited a number of old churches in the vicinity. ^ ","ch":"我们在一座小镇上逗留了几天， 参观了附近的许多古老的教堂。  "}
{"en":"These attracted many visitors,  for they were not only of great architectural interest, ^ ","ch":"这些教堂吸引了大量游客， 不仅是因为建筑风格奇特，  "}
{"en":"but contained a large number of beautifully preserved frescoes as well. ^ ","ch":"而且还存有大量保存完好的壁画。  "}
{"en":"On the day before our departure,  several bus loads of tourists descended on the town. ^ ","ch":"我们离开小镇的前一天， 镇上来了几辆满载游客的公共汽车。  "}
{"en":"This was more than we could bear,  so we decided to spend our last day exploring the countryside. ^ ","ch":"人多得使我们难以忍受， 于是我们决定利用最后一天去乡间一游。  "}
{"en":"Taking a path which led out of the town,  we crossed a few fields until we came to a dense wood. ^ ","ch":"我们走上了一条出镇的小路， 穿过几块农田， 来到一片茂密的树林。  "}
{"en":"We expected the path to end abruptly,  but we found that it traced its way through the trees. ^ ","ch":"我们原以为小路会到此突然终止， 没想到它到树林中继续向前延伸。  "}
{"en":"We tramped through the wood for over two hours until we arrived at a deep stream. ^ ","ch":"我们在树林中跋涉了两个多小时， 到了一条深溪边。  "}
{"en":"We could see that the path continued on the other side,  but we had no idea how we could get across the stream. ^ ","ch":"我们可以看到小路在深溪对岸继续向前伸展， 但却不知如何越过这道深溪。  "}
{"en":"Suddenly my wife spotted a boat moored to the bank. ^ ","ch":"突然， 妻子发现岸边泊着一条小船，  "}
{"en":"We gently woke him up and asked him to ferry us to the other side. ^ ","ch":"我们轻轻地把他唤醒， 请他把我们摆渡过溪。  "}
{"en":"Though he was reluctant to do so at first,  we eventually persuaded him to take us. ^ ","ch":"一开始， 他很不愿意， 但经劝说， 终于同意了。  "}
{"en":"The path led to a tiny village perched on the steep sides of a mountain. ^ ","ch":"顺着小路， 我们来到一个座落在陡峭山坡上的小村庄。  "}
{"en":"The place consisted of a straggling unmade road which was lined on either side by small houses. ^ ","ch":"这儿有一条未经修筑的弯弯曲曲的道路， 路两边排列着一些矮小的农舍。  "}
{"en":"Even under a clear blue sky,  the village looked forbidding,  as all the houses were built of grey mud bricks. ^ ","ch":"农舍全用灰色的土坯建成， 因此， 即使在晴朗的蓝天底下， 村庄看上去也会令人感到难以亲近。  "}
{"en":"The village seemed deserted,  the only sign of life being an ugly-looking black goat on a short length of rope tied to a tree in a field nearby. ^ ","ch":"村里似乎无人居住， 唯一的生命迹象是附近田里一只面目可憎的黑山羊， 用一截短绳拴在一棵树上。  "}
{"en":"Sitting down on a dilapidated wooden fence near the field,  we opened a couple of tins of sardines and had a picnic lunch. ^ ","ch":"我们在田边一堵东倒西歪的篱笆墙上坐下来， 打开几听沙丁鱼罐头， 吃了一顿野外午餐。  "}
{"en":"All at once,  I noticed that my wife seemed to be filled with alarm. ^ ","ch":"突然， 我注意到妻子十分惊恐。  "}
{"en":"Looking up I saw that we were surrounded by children in rags who were looking at us silently as we ate. ^ ","ch":"我抬头一看， 发现我们被一群衣衫褴褛的小孩团团围住了， 他们在默不作声地看着我们吃饭。  "}
{"en":"We offered them food and spoke to them kindly,  but they remained motionless. ^ ","ch":"我们给他们东西吃， 客客气气地同他们交谈， 但他们却一动也不动。  "}
{"en":"I concluded that they were simply shy of strangers. ^ ","ch":"我认为这不过是他们在陌生人面前表现出的害羞。  "}
{"en":"When we later walked down the main street of the village,  we were followed by a silent procession of children. ^ ","ch":"后来， 我们在村里的主要街道上行走的时候， 一队默不作声的孩子跟在我们后头。  "}
{"en":"The village which had seemed deserted,  immediately came to life. ^ ","ch":"刚才还似乎空荡荡的村庄一下子活跃了起来，  "}
{"en":"Men in shirt sleeves stood outside their houses and glared at us. ^ ","ch":"只穿着衬衣的男人们站在屋子外面凶狠地盯着我们，  "}
{"en":"Old women in black shawls peered at us from doorways. ^ ","ch":"披黑纱巾的老妇人站在门口偷偷地瞅着我们。  "}
{"en":"The most frightening thing of all was that not a sound could be heard. ^ ","ch":"最令人害怕的是到处没有一点声音。  "}
{"en":"There was no doubt that we were unwelcome visitors. ^ ","ch":"毫无疑问， 我们的来访是不受欢迎的。  "}
{"en":"Turning back down the main street,  we quickened our pace and made our way rapidly towards the stream where we hoped the boatman was waiting. ^ ","ch":"便掉转身子， 沿着那条主要街道加快步伐， 快速地朝深溪边走去， 希望船夫还在那儿等着我们。  "}